man I've got something on my Instagram
about the guy who got hit by a dolphin I
just put that up there the day I saw
somebody put it up hit by a dolphin yeah
he was doing some paddleboarding and the
dolphin was living life a little bit
dolphin was doing his thing so there you
know he's paddleboard down there's a
wave coming mm-hm and then you can see
the Dolphins you know they like to surf
so they get in the wave they're doing
their thing and I think the dolphin sees
him he's the only one who decides to
come out of the water and get a little
air he's like ah there's a paddle
boarder yeah little air bow and he fucks
him up Wow this packet oh that's 100% on
purpose like it makes you wonder about
dolphins like it does like oh what an
opportunity is 100% I'm perfect yeah I
had that I had to put that I had to post
that on its degree yeah that guy's
alright yeah he's alright dad he fell in
the water he fell in the water but a
Dolphins heavy yeah I checked a little
side what are you doing that moment do
you hit him do you hit the dolphin do
you punch it you know I have respect no
no I bet shout fuck you I'm like the
dolphin got the air I'm like a little
you have a little fun yeah cuz how much
does the dolphin way and it's his
element it's a big animal yeah you got
to get back to the shore that is pretty
funny though yeah walk that one off walk
that one off you know you know elbow it
as it's coming at you know what a pissy
walk you're in their neighborhood oh
yeah and this is that's clearly on
purpose yeah that's clearly I was like
you fucking dummies get out of the way
bitch
yeah what are you doing you're not even
surfing yeah boarding riding
surprisingly hard I wonder if his
friends laughed the other dolphins yeah
thought it was awesome yeah yeah yeah I
went paddle boarding it's not easy I
didn't think it was hard did is you
stand he was standing straight like this
you you know yeah but that was hard
there was a lot of waves it was uh it
was a little it was a little wobbly but
I was like I thought this would be way
easier I fell twice mm-hmm he's making
following stop it bro
yeah paddle boarding is one of those
things where it's like it's you're just
used mostly using a core right
I'm I'm not an expert at I did it once
or twice when I was in Hawaii you know
hanging out with you
BAM looks like if you got like placid
water it actually calming mm-hmm
you ever surf I'm trying I'm glad you
said I want to do it this year I took
some lessons taking some lessons I did a
little bit I've I've been up on some
waves the water was pushing me but I
can't I can't call it surfing what I was
doing but I was in the water I was
having fun that's a respectable thing to
know how to do Yeah right when you hear
someone can surf like well no I've
decided that I have to do it I've been
living in California on my life I'm
paying to be a surfer I live here I pay
the the surfing town yeah the surfing
tax but I'm not going to the beach and
getting my money's worth
I gotta go and get it yeah when we think
about how many people live in LA how if
you actually go to the beach right yeah
Beach is not that crowded now it's nice
and how many fucking people of here one
of those things that where people just
take it for granted
mm-hmm yeah so would you serve no you
know I'm scared of sharks yeah so I
started the quest last year so last year
at took a couple of us so this gets a
little warmer I'm gonna do it again we
were thinking about doing a surfing
challenge for sober October I was gonna
be like time spent up on a board mm-hmm
for the entire month
I'm camper contest are you gonna be
doing it yet we haven't decided and I
think the guys are they don't want to do
the surfing thing if you do it let me
know I'm gonna do it with you yeah yeah
Oh yellow cold knocked over wouldn't it
maybe
yeah that's the idea pussy okay all
right come on okay I'll freakin fear it
in October
barely it's like to September what's
happening with this
it happens very fast but the way I saw
this is a Navy you era French Navy man
jumped off a boat to celebrate and as
he's in the water here a shark comes
after him
yeah it just comes out of nowhere they
can't no one can really see it then all
sudden right the last second they spot
it they're like oh we should get the
fuck out of the way it just nibbles I
guess but no it almost looks fake but
the way you're acting I don't think this
shit's fake at all it just happened all
of a sudden he's just in the water then
yeah man that's how it goes that's their
world yeah look at you can't even see
anything in there that that's the thing
that freaks you out
most about the ocean is the possibility
it's like you're just looking down you
don't see a goddamn thing and also the
Meg yeah not like that Australian guys
remember that Australian surfer and the
shark was coming after him
and he was just pushing him away he was
getting there when he talked about why
he was looking like he wanted to bite me
I decided I didn't want him to so I just
pushed him away a little bit oh yeah
yeah yeah you just fought off a shark
there yeah I didn't want to be bitten so
that's a good attitude to keep yes I'm
not interested in this I'm not freaking
out but yeah yeah I don't want to be bit
yeah yeah you don't want to freak out
right you freaked out they they probably
can sense it she really spaz out in the
water they probably know all this guys
scared is fuck these guys smells like
food they apparently don't like to eat
us is this the guy right here 8 million
views great white shark surprises
solitary surfer I haven't seen this
that's not the one I'm talking about
swimmin right
oh be something that oh look right
behind him oh Jesus Louise's surfer kind
of there no I think he saw it he's like
yikes
oh man but he's paddling his arm looking
like I feel with every time he paddles
the arm could disappear on how do you
surf yeah but you're so helpless in
their world it's like you ever see what
happens when a shark gets beached I was
looking for this video the day we found
that one where you were like what just
pick it up and throw it out get in the
water there's a video I saw of a girl
literally doing that just like a chick
in a bikini there's a smaller shark but
she just grabbed about tail Yanks it
good for close it out the but the
problem was with the one you can't
sharks don't just start swimming when
they get put in the water they need to
be it's like they can't stop moving
really see they gotta have a little
shove it's hard to do to it they had to
drag that shark out by a boat to sort of
get it going to get water and its gills
so it can breathe and oh okay that makes
sense gotta be the water's got to come
this way
cuz sharks are super weird in terms of
their physiology like if they go upside
down to go to sleep alright
yeah and this fuck it's strange and they
have to keep moving I don't think they
can breathe that they sit still unless
they find a spot where there's a nice
little dress oh yes and you also happen
to I can't show this one either because
this is gonna get taken down but it's a
girl getting pulled into the water she's
trying to feed a shark off of a boat and
it grabs her by the finger and just
Yanks her and everybody freaks out also
what kind of shark is it
it doesn't say hmm but also he's in
Australia so it might be a great way
fuck that yeah I understand why did she
think she could feed a shark with her
fingers I'm probably told her she could
and that's a bad idea yeah that that's
the worst you know you're probably right
because you know like when you when you
haven't done it before you're gonna make
you're gonna ask a reasonable question
can the shark bite me and pull it in and
there's gonna tell you something in an
expert voice like no he's not interested
in you
you don't look like a seal he's not
gonna try to you know but you plus she's
probably hanging out with like three or
four dudes that want to fuck her they're
all drunk yeah they want to show her
good experience so let's give it her bad
advice she gets half her finger removed
walk then nobody's happy yeah